doc: Add release notes for 2.5 (#12697)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration/migration_guide_2.5.rst

  * The operations to update bootloader (``3``) and read (``6``) or erase (``8``) the MCUboot secondary slot have been removed from the ``#XFOTA`` AT command.
  * The ``#XSLMUART`` AT command has been removed.
    UART is now configured using only devicetree.

    UART settings that were previously saved for this command now provoke error logs on startup.

>     They are innocuous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    They are innocuous, and you can get rid of the errors by removing the settings.
```

Author: Fixed now with a bit more specific instructions.

  * The operations to update bootloader (``3``) and read (``6``) or erase (``8``) the MCUboot secondary slot have been removed from the ``#XFOTA`` AT command.
  * The ``#XSLMUART`` AT command has been removed.
    UART is now configured using only devicetree.

>     UART settings that were previously saved for this command now provoke error logs on startup.
>     They are innocuous.
>     To get rid of those errors, you can erase all settings by doing a full erase of the device.
>     This will be fixed in the next |NCS| release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    UART settings that were previously saved for this command now cause error logs on startup.
    The errors are harmless.
    To remove those errors, you can erase all settings by doing a full erase of the device.
    This will be fixed in the next |NCS| release.
```
